README.md, before:

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/14cEduP.png" alt="Ptero Manager" />

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-javascript.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1043936305127632927?color=%23697EC6&label=discord)

## What is Ptero Manager?
Ptero Manager is a discord bot that you can host on your own system that allows you to manage your pterodactyl panel via discord. If you find some bugs create a github issue or join our support server. 

Thanks to [Fusion Terror](https://www.youtube.com/@FusionTerror) for creating an amazing [tutorial on creating a command handler](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNH4V6Dhw6s)

## Setting Up

Setting up Ptero Manager is really easy!

Make sure you have downloaded NodeJS v16 and NPM before continuing any further 

1. Download the source code by clicking the code button and clicking "Download ZIP"
2. Extract the ZIP
3. Type ```npm install```
4. Type ```npm start``` to start the project

## Configuration 
Make sure to edit the ```config.yml``` file. I've added comments in the ```config.yml``` file to make it easier for you to use the bot.

## Links
* [Discord](https://discord.gg/svqDa5TaxA)
* [Github](https://github.com/Owl1029/pteromanager)

Commit message:

🚑️Fixed: The application did not respond on most of the messages ⚡️Removed a bunch of useless code from index.js ✨You have to now give role to the user who can use the bot

README.md, after:

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/14cEduP.png" alt="Ptero Manager" />

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-javascript.svg)](https://forthebadge.com)

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1043936305127632927?color=%23697EC6&label=discord)

## What is Ptero Manager?
Ptero Manager is a discord bot that you can host on your own system that allows you to manage your pterodactyl panel via discord. If you find some bugs create a github issue or join our support server. 

Thanks to [Fusion Terror](https://www.youtube.com/@FusionTerror) for creating an amazing [tutorial on creating a command handler](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNH4V6Dhw6s)

## Setting Up

Setting up Ptero Manager is really easy!

Make sure you have downloaded NodeJS v16 and NPM before continuing any further 

1. Download the source code by clicking the code button and clicking "Download ZIP"
2. Extract the ZIP
3. Type ```npm install```
4. Type ```npm start``` to start the project
5. Configure the ```config.yml```
6. Create a role called "PanelAdmin" (Or anything you have set for role in config.yml) 
7. Add the role to the users who can use the bot. 

## Configuration 
Make sure to edit the ```config.yml``` file. I've added comments in the ```config.yml``` file to make it easier for you to use the bot.

## Links
* [Discord](https://discord.gg/svqDa5TaxA)
* [Github](https://github.com/Owl1029/pteromanager)
